Okay so there's like this town but there's a bad evil werewolf (awuuuuu) and the werewolf tries to kill people, though with a vote or something.

Just like the New Californian Republic (or NCR) in the Mojave Wasteland, who function under a democratic system and are an attempt to rebuild society in the image of the old United States of America. They have their capital in Shady Sands, where they emerged from Vault 15 and established a city, which later led to the founding of the NCR under their first president, Tandi, after Aradesh, the former leader of Shady Sands' death. During the events of Fallout: New Vegas, the president is Aaron Kimball, who holds a speech at Hoover Dam quite late in the game's story. Hoover Dam is a place of large significance for the Mojave Wasteland, as it is a big source of electrical power. The NCR's hold over Hoover Dam is, however, challenged by a different rival faction: Caesar's Legion. The Legion is led by a man who goes by the name of Caesar: a former NCR citizen who later joined the Followers of the Apocalypse, who then decided to lead a mass-conquest at the Grand Canyon, where he, along with his general and legate Joshua Graham educated a local tribe in the use of firearms and explosives and led a total war against the other tribes in the area, massacring everyone who lived there. After some other tribes peacefully yielded to Caesar's army, he founded Caesar's Legion and named himself Caesar. He wanted to model his society after the Roman Empire, hence the use of Latin titles, names, and words. Joshua Graham remained the Legate up until the first Battle of Hoover Dam, where Caesar's Legion was defeated and Graham was the general of the assault. Caesar punished him for his failure, setting him on fire and throwing him down the Grand Canyon, which he managed to barely survive, hence why he shows up as a major character in the Honest Hearts expansion. Caesar's motive for wanting Hoover Dam is not necessarily the electrical power, rather it serves as a gateway into the greater area of Nevada and allows him to take over the city of New Vegas, and brandish it as his "Rome". New Vegas, however, is not actually under NCR rule; it is under a man called Robert House, the CEO of RobCo Industries from the Old World before the bombs fell. He managed to preserve his life by enclosing himself in a bio-chamber at the Lucky-38 Casino, where he rules over New Vegas through the usage of his Securitron robots, which roam the city and act as its police force. Mr. House wishes to restore New Vegas to how it was before the bombs fell and to remain as its ruler. At the beginning of the game, Mr. House seeks to reobtain the Platinum Chip: a proprietary storage device with holds a Firmware Update for the Securitrons, letting them use more advanced weaponry, though the delivery of this chip was halted by Benny, an associate of Mr. House, who ambushed the courier who was supposed to deliver it, known as Courier 6, also known as the game's protagonist. Once the courier arrives in New Vegas, Mr. House tasks the courier to kill Benny and take the Platinum Chip from him, assuming the player hasn't already killed him. Outside of these factions, there are some more minor ones, such as the Brotherhood of Steel: a faction that wishes to safeguard Old-World technologies such as the Power Armors by hoarding all of the equipment, to not let it fall in the wrong hands or any hands but their own. There is also the Enclave: a remnant of the old United States government who wish to re-establish their rule. There's also the Great Khans, who are a group of raiders and were the ones Benny hired to help him on his ambush on the courier. Finally, there is the Boomers: an isolationist group who have taken hold of Nellis Airbase and have armed themselves with all sorts of explosive weaponry, which they use to prevent outsiders, or savages as they call them, to enter.
